.github/README.md, before:

<!-- General project links -->
[open-issues]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/issues
[new-issue]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/issues/new/choose
[milestones]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/milestones
[project-board]: https://github.com/orgs/it-at-m/projects/16
[documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates
[contribution-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/contribute
[itm-opensource]: https://opensource.muenchen.de/
[license]: ../LICENSE
[code-of-conduct]: ./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

<!-- Project specific links -->
[refarch-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/
[refarch-code]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch
[spring-documentation]: https://spring.io/
[vuejs-documentation]:  https://vuejs.org/
[getting-started-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/getting-started
[develop-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/develop
[document-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/document
[organize-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/organize

<!-- Shields.io links -->
[documentation-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-blue?style=for-the-badge
[new-issue-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/new%20issue-blue?style=for-the-badge
[made-with-love-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with%20%E2%9D%A4%20by-it%40M-yellow?style=for-the-badge
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/it-at-m/refarch-templates?style=for-the-badge

# dbs
[![Made with love by it@M][made-with-love-shield]][itm-opensource]
[![GitHub license][license-shield]][license]

The repository contains components for the Digital Citizen Service of the City of Munich. It currently includes the personalization service. In the future, the repository will be expanded to include web components for the Digital Citizen Service.

## Build with
The project is built with technologies we use in our projects ([reference architecture][refarch-documentation]):

- [Spring][spring-documentation]
- [Vue.js][vuejs-documentation]

## Getting Started

1. Build it with `mvn clean install`
2. Run the stack using `docker-compose` in the stack folder
3. Run the PersonalizationServiceApplication

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please open an issue with the tag "enhancement", fork the repo and
create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Open an issue with the tag "enhancement"
2. Fork the Project
3. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
4. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
5. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
6. Open a Pull Request

More about this in the [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) file.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE][license] file for more information.

## Contact

it@M - opensource@muenchen.de

Commit message:

:sparkles: initial setup of checklist-components with placeholder content

.github/README.md, after:

<!-- General project links -->
[open-issues]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/issues
[new-issue]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/issues/new/choose
[milestones]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/milestones
[project-board]: https://github.com/orgs/it-at-m/projects/16
[documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates
[contribution-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/contribute
[itm-opensource]: https://opensource.muenchen.de/
[license]: ../LICENSE
[code-of-conduct]: ./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

<!-- Project specific links -->
[refarch-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/
[refarch-code]: https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch
[spring-documentation]: https://spring.io/
[vuejs-documentation]:  https://vuejs.org/
[getting-started-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/getting-started
[develop-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/develop
[document-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/document
[organize-documentation]: https://refarch.oss.muenchen.de/templates/organize

<!-- Shields.io links -->
[documentation-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-blue?style=for-the-badge
[new-issue-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/new%20issue-blue?style=for-the-badge
[made-with-love-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with%20%E2%9D%A4%20by-it%40M-yellow?style=for-the-badge
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/it-at-m/refarch-templates?style=for-the-badge

# dbs
[![Made with love by it@M][made-with-love-shield]][itm-opensource]
[![GitHub license][license-shield]][license]

The repository contains components for the Digital Citizen Service of the City of Munich. It currently includes the personalization service and it's corresponding webcomponents. 

In the future, the repository will be expanded to include the other artifacts which form the Digital Citizen Service.

## Build with

The project is built with technologies we use in our projects ([reference architecture][refarch-documentation]):

- [Spring][spring-documentation]
- [Vue.js][vuejs-documentation]

## Getting Started

### personalization-service

1. Build it with `mvn clean install`
2. Run the stack using `docker-compose` in the stack folder
3. Run the PersonalizationServiceApplication

### personalization-webcomponents

1. Install dependencies with `npm i`
2. Run local dev server with `npm run dev`

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please open an issue with the tag "enhancement", fork the repo and
create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Open an issue with the tag "enhancement"
2. Fork the Project
3. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
4. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
5. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
6. Open a Pull Request

More about this in the [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) file.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE][license] file for more information.

## Contact

it@M - opensource@muenchen.de
