docs/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

The DBS (Digitaler Bürgerservice / Digital Citizen Service) is a digital service
provided by the government of the city of munich.

It currently consists of these modules:

- DBS-Ticketing with [Zammad](https://opensource.muenchen.de/de/software/zammad.html)
- DBS-P13N
- DBS-Login
- Terminvereinbarung (<https://github.com/it-at-m/eappointment>)

## Architecture

[![system overview Digitaler Bürgerservice DBS](./assets/systemueberblick_dbs.drawio.png)](https://github.com/it-at-m/dbs/blob/main/docs/assets/systemueberblick_dbs.drawio.png)

Citizens submit requests to the form server
(e.g [Meldung von Insektennestern](https://service.muenchen.de/intelliform/forms/01/09/09/meldung_insektennest/index)),
which sends the request to Zammad via the [dbs-ticketing-eai](https://github.com/it-at-m/dbs/tree/main/ticketing-eai).
Zammad serves as the backend of the DBS,
where the clerks process the requests and communicate with the citizen
via our own frontend `dbs-ticketing-webcomponents`.
This is integrated with [Web Components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components)
into the official site of the City of Munich.

### Authentication

The authentication of applicants and administrators takes place
via a [Keycloak](https://opensource.muenchen.de/de/software/keycloak.html)
and not via Zammad.
Keycloak uses two realms for this purpose:

- the realm `public`,
  which manages citizens according to their trust level.
- and the realm `muenchen.de` to manage the city of Munich employees
  which are automatically created with their associated group structures
  (department, team, etc) with the [zammad-ldap-sync](https://github.com/it-at-m/zammad-ldap-sync),
  changed or removed if necessary. This ensures that only authorized persons
  have access to the pending requests from citizens.

### Data protection

As DBS also processes highly sensitive personal data,
it is important that we ensure data protection.
DBS does not send any information to applicants by e-mail,
but only makes it accessible in its frontend `dbs-ticketing-webcomponents`

### Reporting

As the [Zammad Reports](https://admin-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/manage/report-profiles.html)
did not meet our reporting requirements,
complex reports are created and made available via [Metabase](https://opensource.muenchen.de/software/metabase.html).

Commit message:

Enhance introduction with detailed DBS service description
Expanded the introduction to provide more detail about the DBS service, including its user-centered approach and mobile optimization.

docs/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

The DBS (Digitaler Bürgerservice / Digital Citizen Service) is a digital service provided by the government of the city of Munich, designed to facilitate access to municipal services for citizens. The platform employs a user-centered approach, allowing citizens to quickly identify relevant services by answering targeted, straightforward questions about their current life situations.

This process generates a personalized checklist of services tailored to the user's inputs, enhancing the user experience through an intuitive interface optimized for mobile devices. The system is built on modern web technologies and follows an Open Source model, enabling other municipalities to leverage the source code and foster interoperability.

It currently consists of these modules:

- DBS-Ticketing with [Zammad](https://opensource.muenchen.de/de/software/zammad.html)
- DBS-P13N
- DBS-Login
- Terminvereinbarung (<https://github.com/it-at-m/eappointment>)

## Architecture

[![system overview Digitaler Bürgerservice DBS](./assets/systemueberblick_dbs.drawio.png)](https://github.com/it-at-m/dbs/blob/main/docs/assets/systemueberblick_dbs.drawio.png)

Citizens submit requests to the form server
(e.g [Meldung von Insektennestern](https://service.muenchen.de/intelliform/forms/01/09/09/meldung_insektennest/index)),
which sends the request to Zammad via the [dbs-ticketing-eai](https://github.com/it-at-m/dbs/tree/main/ticketing-eai).
Zammad serves as the backend of the DBS,
where the clerks process the requests and communicate with the citizen
via our own frontend `dbs-ticketing-webcomponents`.
This is integrated with [Web Components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components)
into the official site of the City of Munich.

### Authentication

The authentication of applicants and administrators takes place
via a [Keycloak](https://opensource.muenchen.de/de/software/keycloak.html)
and not via Zammad.
Keycloak uses two realms for this purpose:

- the realm `public`,
  which manages citizens according to their trust level.
- and the realm `muenchen.de` to manage the city of Munich employees
  which are automatically created with their associated group structures
  (department, team, etc) with the [zammad-ldap-sync](https://github.com/it-at-m/zammad-ldap-sync),
  changed or removed if necessary. This ensures that only authorized persons
  have access to the pending requests from citizens.

### Data protection

As DBS also processes highly sensitive personal data,
it is important that we ensure data protection.
DBS does not send any information to applicants by e-mail,
but only makes it accessible in its frontend `dbs-ticketing-webcomponents`

### Reporting

As the [Zammad Reports](https://admin-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/manage/report-profiles.html)
did not meet our reporting requirements,
complex reports are created and made available via [Metabase](https://opensource.muenchen.de/software/metabase.html).
